python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS1.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS2.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS3.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS4.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS5.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS6.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS7.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS8.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS9.npy -p 
python3 /home/jonata/evorobotpy2/bin/es.py -f walker2d.ini -g bestgS10.npy -p 
